More rust training content (#7)
pingcap/talent-plan: rust/CONTRIBUTING.md

TODO organize this

> Every md file has a html relative symlink to index.html:

Reviewer: Better to explain the reason? I first felt confused until I find out we are loading the md dynamically according to the url.

`ln -s index.html CONTRIBUTING.html`

Project text doesn't link directly to documentation resources containing
solutions - students should learn where to get the answers from the
pre-requisites and lessons.

> Proect text may include inline links to pages that offer explanatios of terms

Reviewer: Typo.

```suggestion
Project text may include inline links to pages that offer explanations of terms
```

and concepts.

Keep the project summary (the **Task**, **Goals**, etc. text) synced between
plan.md and the project description.

Common sections of project descriptions:

- The project summary (directly after h1)
- "Introduction"
- "Project spec"

Headers do not capitalize every word; words after a colon
are capitalized:

> ## Project spec

> ## Lesson: Tools and good bones

In projects, be clear on when the student should start hacking, and what they
should be hacking, by writing an imperative statement. Format that command in
italics:

> _Use [crates.io](https://crates.io) to find the documentation
for the `clap` crate, and implement the command line interface

> such that the `cli_*` test cases pass._

Reviewer: On the rendered page, the `_` in the inline code interrupts the `em` block. It's actually a [bug](https://github.com/markedjs/marked/issues/1410) of marked. Should we use html tag as a workaround or wait for them fixing it?

  that makes the writing easier. Add new background readings or otherwise modify
  the section plan as needed. Submit PR. Author 2 reviews.

- Author 2 writes the remaining test cases and an example solution project. Add
  new background readings or otherwise modify the section plan as needed. Submit
  PR. Author 1 reviews.

- Author 2 makes changes to the project text for clarification, improvement,
  scope expansion, etc. Add new background readings or otherwise modify the
  section plan as needed. Submit PR. Author 1 reviews.

##

When writing a project, look for steps where the design could be specified differently,
where there are multiple solutions, where there is deeper understanding to be gained,
and ask questions formulated to get the reader to think more deeply.

Projects should be written to take between 2 - 4 hours to implement.

When writing a project, look for optional "extension" steps that teach
additional practical subjects, but which either aren't necessary to complete the
project or require more time and skill to implement. Extenion steps go at the
end of a project.

## Contributor notes

> - each md file needs a relative symlink to index.html

Reviewer: To be more clarified, let's use `an html relative symlink` same as the beginning.
